Added CE section (#151)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-technical-writing-team-handbook.md

  * Community Help Wanted doc issues
  * Documentation Handbook and Style Guide maintenance

#### @sebastian.faase:

> 

Reviewer: Propose a slight tweak to this list @faase, let me know what you think?

```
- Training and Education guide
  - Enterprise rollout guide for self-serve post-sales technical onboarding
  - Improved Enterprise Edition feature usage and renewal rate
  - Reduced customer need for Mattermost support
- Liaison between product and sales/customer success to provide educational content to customers
  - Identify gaps and painpoints among customers
  - Prioritize customer education content generation
  - Attend customer calls undergoing enterprise onboarding
- Tone and writing style guide for customer education
```

^the training and education guide isn't yet live in docs, but it's in the works: https://github.com/mattermost/docs/pull/3526

- Identifying and ranking gaps and pain points among customers

> - Establish difference in voice and tone between CE and technical documents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Establish difference in voice and tone between Customer Education content and technical documentation
```

> - Create customer centered guides for following critical points in deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create customer-centered guides for following critical points in deployment
```

  - Initial setup
  - License use after trial
  - License renewal

>   - Reducing customers need for MM Support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Reducing customer need for Mattermost support
```
Are we saying we're decreasing it overall or in the context of CE? Is there a specific type of need we're reducing?

  * Community Help Wanted doc issues
  * Documentation Handbook and Style Guide maintenance

#### @sebastian.faase:

> - Training and Education guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Training and Education guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/education.html)
```

  - Enterprise rollout guide for self-serve post-sales technical onboarding
  - Improved Enterprise Edition feature usage and renewal rate
  - Reduced customer need for Mattermost support
- Liaison between product and sales/customer success to provide educational content to customers
  - Identify gaps and painpoints among customers
  - Prioritize customer education content generation
  - Attend customer calls undergoing enterprise onboarding

> - Tone and writing style guide for customer education

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Tone and writing style guide for Customer Education content
```

Note: Some areas not listed above, such as the [User's Guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/user.html), will remain a collaborative effort between Product Managers and Technical Writers. Please assume @jason.blais as the directly responsible individual.

> ### Technical Docs Processes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Technical Documentation Processes
```

The [Documentation Style guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/core.html#documentation-style-guide) and [UI text guidelines](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/documentation-UItext-guidelines.html).

> ## Customer Education Responsibilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customer Education Processes
```

Reviewer: We can name the `process` section above this as `Technical Docs Processes`

Reviewer: ^distinguishing 'process' from 'responsibilities' listed for customer education above

> ### Identifying and ranking gaps and pain points among customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resolve gaps and painpoints among customers
```

> When it comes to identifying gaps and pain points, ranking them is important in order to correctly prioritize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve gaps and pain points, identify and rank them in priority order.
```

> #### Identification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Identify
```

> - Monitor support tickets and get regular feedback from Support Engineers through the support channel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Monitor support tickets and get regular feedback from Support Engineers through the Support channel.
```

> - Ensure information flow with Solutions Architects and Customer Success Managers e.g. by receiving a regular report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure information flow with Solution Architects and Customer Success Managers (e.g. by receiving a regular report).
```
Should we elaborate on the type of report, or provide a few more examples of information flow mechanisms?

- Use existing communication structures between Customer Support and Customer Success to avoid overhead.

> #### Ranking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Rank
```

Author: this section got removed for this iteration

> - Use already existing structures between Customer Support and Customer Success to avoid overhead; Customer Support is constantly sharing information with Customer Success Managers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use existing communication structures between Customer Support and Customer Success to avoid overhead.
```

> - Use existing metrics from the ticket system like priority and customer revenue to rank identified issues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use existing metrics (e.g. priority and customer revenue) from the ticket system to rank identified issues.
```

> - Compare Customer Support time put into issues to generated revenue for high impact.

Reviewer: How do you mean?

> - Compare Customer Support time put into issues to generated revenue for high impact

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Compare Customer Support time put into issues to generated revenue for high impact.
```

> #### What is missing

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if this is something we want to add to the handbook or whether it should rather be added when it's no longer missing and could rather be part of the AORs?

Author: To me it now feels like it should live in my backlog and be removed from here. Would solve [this below](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/pull/151#discussion_r410070847) as well. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: My thought is that the missing components would be discussed and made into actionable points and then added to the relevant section. But, that's my opinion. @jasonblais is definitely the one to confirm this.

Reviewer: @faase Makes sense, let's remove from this iteration

- Direct information flow with CSM and SA

> - Statistics about money spent to money made on solved issues

Reviewer 2: Would this be public knowledge or internal? Might be something to consider if it's stated publicly but not available publicly.

Author: great question, how would I find out @justinegeffen

Reviewer 2: I'd definitely confirm with @jasonblais.

Reviewer: This section was actually removed, resolving this conversation

The [Documentation Style guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/core.html#documentation-style-guide) and [UI text guidelines](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/documentation-UItext-guidelines.html).

## Customer Education Processes

### Resolve gaps and painpoints among customers

> To resolve gaps and pain points, identify and rank them in priority order.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Elaborate on the priority order, and possibly provide a goal for why this is being done?

Author: like: priority order based on corporate principle *impact* and to reduce load on CSMs and Support Engineers and have more customers use MM with a paid plan?

Reviewer 2: That could work, yep. @jasonblais is best-situated to comment though as he knows more about your specific AORs/goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To identify, rank and resolve customer pain points. Priority is based on customer impact, measured by an increase in enterprise 90-day onboarding NPS, and post-sales technical onboarding without R&D involvement.
```

Reviewer: ^the priority is based on the business impact of your [first initiative](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GpeVX3a1aLnupFIQ63RWVkcNC3enIYmaUXK1gS1HagQ/edit#)

#### Identify

> - Monitor support tickets and get regular feedback from Support Engineers through the Support channel.

Reviewer 2: Is there specific feedback that's obtained, such as a daily summary? Or just general trend-spotting?

Author: not yet, but having a specific predefined feedback system in place would be an ideal goal.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me. :)
